
A Visual Guide to Graph Traversal Algorithms - Interactive visualisations for learning how graph traversal algorithms work
Algomation - A didactic, animated, exposition of algorithms.
Algorithm Visualizer - Dozens of animated algorithms (with code), and you can also create your own.
Algorithms Visualization - A dense article on Algorithms Visualization.
Big-O Cheat Sheet - Big-O complexities of common algorithms used in Computer Science.
Code-Drills - Practice problems recommender (includes Codeforces, Codechef and Spoj).
Data Structure Visualizations - Visualize the behavior of Data Structures and play with its operations.
Geeks for Geeks - Lots and lots of well explained and implemented algorithms.
Path Finding - A visual representation on how algorithms such as A*, IDA*, Breadth-First-Search, Best-First-Search and others describe a path between two points A and B.
Rosetta Code - A programming chrestomathy site which aims to present implementations of many algorithms and data structures in different programming languages.
Sorting Algorithms - Nice and simple animations of sorting algorithms. With short codes and discussions.
Stoimen's web log - Some algorithms nicely explained.
The Sound of Sorting - The Sound of Sorting - "Audibilization" and Visualization of Sorting Algorithms
VisuAlgo - Visualising data structures and algorithms through animation.
Wikipedia - Algorithms - Of course!!
Wikipedia - Data Structures - and why not ?!!
Online Courses
Free and High Quality Courses Online

Algorithms: Divide and Conquer, Sorting and Searching, and Randomized Algorithms - The primary topics are: asymptotic ("Big-oh") notation, sorting and searching, divide and conquer, and randomized algorithms.
Algorithms: Graph Search, Shortest Paths, and Data Structures - The primary topics are: data structures, graph primitives, and their applications.
Algorithms: Greedy Algorithms, Minimum Spanning Trees, and Dynamic Programming - The primary topics are: greedy algorithms and dynamic programming.
Algorithms: Shortest Paths Revisited, NP-Complete Problems and What To Do About Them - The primary topics are: shortest paths, NP-completeness and what it means for the algorithm designer, and strategies for coping with computationally intractable problems.
Algorithms, Part I - This course covers the essential information that every serious programmer needs to know about algorithms and data structures.Part I covers elementary data structures, sorting, and searching algorithms.
Algorithms, Part II - Part II focuses on graph- and string-processing algorithms.
Khan Academy Algorithms - Algorithm course ministred by Tomas Cormen and Devin Balkcom.
MIT - 6-006 - Well explained algorithms.
MIT - 6-046j - Similar to the previous one, but with different algorithms.
MIT - 6-00sc - An easy and well explained introduction to algorithms.
Udacity Intro to Algorithms - Python-based Algorithms course.
Algorithms in Motion - Beginner's algorithms course with fun illustrations, based on the book Grokking Algorithms
YogiBearian YouTube Channel - Lots of well explained vidoes on various computer science subjects. Account terminated due to violations of Youtube Policies.
Books
The most highly regarded books to learn algorithms

Algorithm Design - Pretty straight-forward.
Algorithms - Problems explained with Java, OO good practices, visualizations, and free online resources.
Classic Computer Science Problems in Python -This great book presents dozens of coding challenges, ranging from simple tasks to clustering data using k-means.
Data Structures Using C - The basic concepts and usages of data structures.
Elementary Algorithms - An awesome book about algorithms and data structures.
Grokking Algorithms - An illustrated book on algorithms with practical examples.
Introduction to Algorithms - Essential!
Swift Algorithms & Data Structures - A practical guide to concepts, theory and code.
The Algorithm Design Manual - Easy to read and full of real world examples.
The Art of Computer Programming - The Book.
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs
Github Libraries
Implementations of the most classic algorithms in a wide variety of programming languages


A2 Online Judge - Online Judge and problem archive.
ACM-ICPC Live Archive - Hundreds of problems from previous ACM-ICPC Regionals and World Finals.
AIZU ONLINE JUDGE - Japanese Online Judge.
Algo Muse - Research based algorithmic problems.
AtCoder - Japanese programming contest website.
Baekjoon Online Judge - Korean Online Judge. 10000+ problems. Supports 60+ languages.
CS Academy - Holds online contests and IOI practice contests
CodeChef - More problems and monthly online contests.
Codeforces - The only programming contests Web 2.0 platform
Codefights - Practive programming and tackle out your next tech interview
CodeMarshal - Real world contests online!
CodeWars - A website that houses support to solve algorithms in many languages in varying difficulty.
CoderByte - A decent website with algorithm challenges from beginner to advanced levels. Supports most of the popular languages like C++, python, javascript, ruby.
Firecode- Firecode.io uses machine learning algorithms along with curated real-world interview questions, solutions & a vibrant social community of learners to get you ready for your next coding interview.
HackerEarth - Practice alogrithmic problems & challenges and participate in hiring challenges.
HackerRank - Featured algorithm and functional programming online judges
HiHoCoder - Chinese and English problem solving practice and recruitment challenge site.
Infoarena - Romanian Online Judge. 1500+ algorithmic problems
Kattis- Online judge and problem archive
LavidaOnlineJudge - Korean Online Judge(Half English). 1300+ problems.
Learneroo Algorithms Tutorials - Learn and practice algorithms by solving challenges online.
LeetCode - Learn algorithms and prepare for interviews.
PKU JudgeOnline - Chinese Online Judge.
ProjectEuler - Mathematical problems that can be solved using algorithms (or just a pencil, depends on how much you already know).
Rosalind - A platform for learning bioinformatics and programming through problem solving.
ShareCode.io - Online Judge and contest host with a lot of algorithmic problems in the archive to practice.
Snakify - An introductory Python course with 100+ algorithmic problems and a step-by-step debugger (from Russia).
SPOJ - More problems.
TopCoder - Lots of problems and real world/money worthy problems in Graphic Design, Data Science and Development.
URI - Brazilian Online Judge. Not so much problems, but it's growing and it has online contests.
UVA - Hundreds of problems (from previous ACM-ICPC Regionals, World Finals and others).

